ChainBridge documentation (#24)
0xPolygon/polygon-sdk-docs: docs/chainbridge/setup/setup-polygon-sdk.md

> ---

Reviewer: You can remove all the contents from this page as they are duplicate.

Just keep the premining information, as a list of prerequisites.

Author: Removed at 5261fb94e15d56179ba90ddf76cff162ba02e03a

id: setup-polygon-sdk
title: Polygon SDK Setup
---

In this section, you will setup Polygon SDK network locally.

> First, you will get the codes from the repository, build the codes, and move the binary under /usr/local/bin so that you can run it as a command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you will clone the repository, build the Polygon-SDK and put the `polygon-sdk` in your `$PATH`.
```

Author: Fixed at 5756c760532fdfa7da42c47aad4dc893d1e4074e

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/0xPolygon/polygon-sdk.git
$ cd polygon-sdk
$ go build -o main main.go && mv ./main /usr/local/bin/polygon-sdk
```

## Step 1: Generate validator keys

Next, we'll generate validator keys and genesis.json. In IBFT that is a consensus Polygon SDK has, there are 4 validators to run at least. `ibft init` command creates new keys and prepare for the data directory node will store data into. `ibft init` commands will output validator address and Libp2p ID.

```bash
# Setup keys and prepare for data directory for validators
$ polygon-sdk ibft init --data-dir test-chain-1

[IBFT INIT]
Public key (address) = <Node 1 Validator Address>
Node ID              = <Node 1 Libp2p ID>

$ polygon-sdk ibft init --data-dir test-chain-2

[IBFT INIT]
Public key (address) = <Node 2 Validator Address>
Node ID              = <Node 2 Libp2p ID>

$ polygon-sdk ibft init --data-dir test-chain-3

[IBFT INIT]
Public key (address) = <Node 3 Validator Address>
Node ID              = <Node 3 Libp2p Node ID>

$ polygon-sdk ibft init --data-dir test-chain-4

[IBFT INIT]
Public key (address) = <Node 4 Validator Address>
Node ID              = <Node 4 Libp2p Node ID>

> ```

Reviewer: Remove this, and refer to the existing local setup docs, or even better say what are the prerequisites for following this guide, e.g. a working Polygon-SDK network with the following addresses premined.

Author: Removed at 5261fb94e15d56179ba90ddf76cff162ba02e03a
